grafana-pd-dashboard: Update pd dashboard (#3117)
pingcap/docs: grafana-pd-dashboard.md

The following is the description of PD Dashboard metrics items:

- PD role: The role of current PD instance
- Storage capacity: The total storage capacity for this TiDB cluster
- Current storage size: The current storage size of the cluster
- Current storage usage: The total number of Regions without replicas
- Normal stores: The count of healthy storage instances
- Number of Regions: The total count of Regions of the cluster 
- Abnormal stores: The count of unhealthy stores. The normal value is `0`. If the number is bigger than `0`, it means at least one instance is abnormal.
- Region health: The health status of Regions indicated via count of unusual Regions including pending peers, down peers, extra peers, offline peers, missing peers, learner peers and incorrect namespaces. The number of pending peers should be less than `100`. The missing peers should not be persistently greater than `0`.
- Current peer count: The current peer count of the cluster
![PD Dashboard - Header](/media/pd-dashboard-header-v4.png)

> ## Key metrics description

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Key metrics description

```

## Cluster

- PD scheduler config: The list of PD scheduler configurations
- Cluster ID: The unique identifier of the cluster
- Current TSO: The physical part of current allocated TSO
- Current ID allocation: The maximun allocatable ID for new store/peer
- Region label isolation level: The number of Regions in different label levels
- Label distribution: The distribution status of the labels in the cluster

> ![PD Dashboard - Cluster metrics](/media/pd-dashboard-cluster-v4.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

![PD Dashboard - Cluster metrics](/media/pd-dashboard-cluster-v4.png)
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

![PD Dashboard - Operator metrics](/media/pd-dashboard-operator-v4.png)

## Statistics - Balance

- Store capacity: The capacity size per TiKV instance
- Store available: The available capacity size per TiKV instance
- Store used: The used capacity size per TiKV instance
- Size amplification: The size amplification ratio per TiKV instance, which is equal to (Store Region size)/(Store used capacity size)
- Size available ratio: The size availability ratio per TiKV instance, which is equal to (Store available capacity size)/(Store capacity size)
- Store leader score: The leader score per TiKV instance
- Store Region score: The Region score per TiKV instance
- Store leader size: The total leader size per TiKV instance
- Store Region size: The total Region size per TiKV instance
- Store leader count: The leader count per TiKV instance
- Store Region count: The Region count per TiKV instance

![PD Dashboard - Balance metrics](/media/pd-dashboard-balance-v4.png)

## Statistics - hot write

- Hot Region's leader distribution: Leader distribution in hot write Regions. The total number of leader Regions in hot write on each TiKV instance

> - Total written bytes on hot leader Regions: The total written bytes by Leader regions in hot write on leader Regions for each TiKV instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Total written bytes on hot leader Regions: The total written bytes by Leader Regions in hot write for each TiKV instance
```

- Balance Direction: The number of the Store is selected as the target of source of scheduling
- Store Limit: The flow control limitation of scheduling on the Store

![PD Dashboard - Scheduler metrics](/media/pd-dashboard-scheduler-v4.png)

## gRPC

- Completed commands rate: The rate per command type type at which gRPC commands are completed
- 99% Completed commands duration: The rate per command type type at which gRPC commands are completed (P99)

![PD Dashboard - gRPC metrics](/media/pd-dashboard-grpc-v2.png)

## etcd

- Handle transactions count: The rate at which etcd handles transactions
- 99% Handle transactions duration: The transaction handling rate (P99)
- 99% WAL fsync duration: The time consumed for writing WAL into the persistent storage (P99) | The value is less than `1s`
- 99% Peer round trip time seconds: The network latency for etcd (P99) | The value is less than `1s`
- etcd disk WAL fsync rate: The rate of writing WAL into the persistent storage
- Raft term: The current term of Raft
- Raft committed index: The last committed index of Raft
- Raft applied index: The last applied index of Raft

![PD Dashboard - etcd metrics](/media/pd-dashboard-etcd-v2.png)

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> - 99% WAL fsync duration: The time consumed for writing WAL into the persistent storage (P99) | The value is less than `1s`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 99% WAL fsync duration: The time consumed for writing WAL into the persistent storage. It is less than `1s` (P99)
```

Cluster | Label distribution | The distribution status of the labels in the cluster |
Cluster | pd_cluster_metadata | The metadata of the PD cluster including cluster ID, the timestamp, and the generated ID. |
Cluster | Region health | The health status of Regions indicated via count of unusual Regions including pending peers, down peers, extra peers, offline peers, missing peers, learner peers and incorrect namespaces | The number of pending peers should be less than `100`. The missing peers should not be persistently greater than `0`.

## TiDB

> - PD Server TSO handle time and Client recv time: The duration from PD receive TSO request to PD client get the TSO respones

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- PD Server TSO handle time and Client recv time: The duration between PD receiving the TSO request and the PD client getting the TSO response
```

- Handle requests count: The count of TiDB requests

> - Handle requests duration: The time consumed for handling TiDB requests | It should be less than `100ms` (P99)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Handle requests duration: The time consumed for handling TiDB requests. It should be less than `100ms` (P99)
```

![PD Dashboard - TiDB metrics](/media/pd-dashboard-tidb-v4.png)

## Heartbeat

> - Heartbeat region event QPS: The QPS of handling heartbeat message, inlcuding updating cache and persisting data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Heartbeat region event QPS: The QPS of handling heartbeat messages, including updating the cache and persisting data
```
